Reformulate second order pattern detection (#41)
adrhill/iclr2025-sparse-autodiff: _posts/2025-04-28-sparse-autodiff.md

The Hessian has a **symmetric** structure (equal to its transpose), which means that matrix-vector products and vector-matrix products coincide.
This specificity can be exploited in the sparsity detection as well as in the coloring phase.

### Second order pattern detection

Detecting the sparsity pattern of the Hessian is more complicated than for the Jacobian.
This is because, in addition to the usual linear dependencies, we now have to account for **nonlinear interactions** in the compute graph.

For instance, if $f(\mathbf{x})$ involves a term of the form $x_1 + x_2$, it will not directly affect the Hessian. 
On the other hand, multiplying this term with $x_3$ to obtain an output $f(\mathbf{x}) = (x_1 + x_2)\,x_3$ 
will yield non-zero coefficients at position $(1, 3)$, $(3, 1)$, $(2, 3)$ and $(3, 2)$.
Thus, the abstract interpretation system used for detection needs a finer classification of operators, 

> distinguishing between locally constant, locally linear, and locally nonlinear behavior in each directional derivative. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
distinguishing between locally constant, locally linear, and locally nonlinear behavior. 
```

Author: I want to hint at the fact that 3 classes are not enough. There are 13 types of different binary operators:
https://github.com/adrhill/SparseConnectivityTracer.jl/blob/e6d357b5e0b23d72ab3430e359831eafeb005d73/src/operators.jl#L389-L410

Reviewer: I thought you meant "each directional derivative" as "each HVP". I suggested another sentence to clarify this

> distinguishing between locally constant, locally linear, and locally nonlinear behavior in each directional derivative. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
distinguishing between locally constant, locally linear, and locally nonlinear behavior.
To further complicate things, an operator may be linear with respect to an argument and nonlinear with respect to another (like $(x, y) \mapsto x / y$). 
```

Reviewer: Dude just pick something and merge ^^
